In this exercise, you are asked to set up a Lambda function,
invoke that Lambda function,
and set up an alert on the running of that Lambda function.
Here we have a Lambda function setup.
We can invoke this Lambda function,
and within CloudWatch alarms,
we have an alarm setup on the execution of this Lambda function.
We can see, we've got our namespace setup for AWS Lambda,
the function name that we've invoked; Udacity,
the metric name, invocations,
and we're looking at the one minute average.
We've just invoked our Lambda function,
and it may take a minute or two for the alarm to trigger as
the alert has to consume the metrics from CloudWatch metrics and then trigger the alert.
As we can see, after a minute,
the alarm has triggered,
we can see in the left upper corner,
we've got our alarm has turned red.
We can see in the graph that we're looking at,
in the upper right-hand corner of the graph,
it shows us that it's in alarm,
and the configurations that we've set
up for e-mail or any other activities will now have triggered,
and will be alerted to this issue that just happened with our metrics.